2023-02-03 our long-term sustainability and diversity goals;
Ongoing Commitment to Sustainability
We believe that every business has the opportunity and obligation to protect our planet. Sustainability is one of our core values at Google, and we strive to build sustainability into everything we do. We have been a leader on sustainability and climate change since Google’s founding more than 20 years ago. These are some of our key achievements over the past two decades:
In 2007, we became the first major company to be carbon neutral for our operations.
In 2020, we issued $5.75 billion in sustainability bonds—the largest sustainability or green bond issuance by any company in history at the time. The net proceeds from the issuance were used to fund environmentally and socially responsible projects in the following eight areas: energy efficiency, clean energy, green buildings, clean transportation, circular economy and design, affordable housing, commitment to racial equity, and support for small businesses and COVID-19 crisis response. As of 2022, we had fully allocated the net proceeds from our sustainability bonds as outlined in our Sustainability Bond Impact Report published in 2022.
Our sustainability strategy is focused on three key pillars: accelerating the transition to carbon-free energy and a circular economy, empowering everyone with technology, and benefiting the people and places where we operate.
To accelerate the transition to a carbon-free and circular economy, in 2020, we launched our third decade of climate action, and we are now working toward a new set of ambitious goals. By 2030, we aim to:
achieve net-zero emissions across all of our operations and value chain, including our consumer hardware products;
become the first major company to run on carbon-free energy 24 hours a day, seven days a week, 365 days a year;
enable 5 gigawatts of new carbon-free energy through investments in our key manufacturing regions; and
help more than 500 cities and local governments reduce an aggregate of 1 gigaton (one billion tons) of carbon emissions annually.
We are committed to helping people make more sustainable choices by empowering them with technology. We introduced eco-friendly routing in Google Maps; new features to book flights or purchase appliances that have lower carbon footprints; and when people come to Google Search with questions about climate change, we show information from authoritative sources like the United Nations.
To benefit the people and places where we operate, we have set goals to replenish more water than we consume by 2030 and to support water security in communities where we operate. We are focused on three areas: enhancing our stewardship of water resources across Google offices and data centers; replenishing our water use and improving watershed health and ecosystems in water-stressed communities; and sharing technology and tools that help everyone predict, prevent, and recover from water stress. At Google we remain steadfast in our commitment to sustainability, and we will continue to lead and encourage others to join us in improving the health of our planet. We are proud of what we have achieved so far, and we are energized to help move the world closer to a more sustainable and carbon-free future for all.
More information on our approach to sustainability can be found in our annual sustainability reports, including Google’s Environmental Report. The contents of our sustainability reports are not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K or in any other report or document we file with the SEC. For additional information about risks and uncertainties applicable to our commitments to attain certain sustainability goals, see Risk Factors in Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
At Alphabet we are committed to making diversity, equity, and inclusion part of everything we do and to growing a workforce that is representative of the users we serve. More information on Google’s approach to diversity can be found in our annual diversity reports, available publicly at diversity.google. The contents of our diversity reports are not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K or in any other report or document we file with the SEC.
We are subject to numerous United States (U.S.) federal, state, and local, as well as foreign laws and regulations covering a wide variety of subjects. Like other companies in the technology industry, we face heightened scrutiny from both U.S. and foreign governments with respect to our compliance with laws and regulations. Many of these laws and regulations are evolving and their applicability and scope, as interpreted by the courts, remain uncertain. Particularly with regard to data privacy and security; content moderation; competition; consumer protection; climate change and sustainability; and reporting on human capital and diversity, we have seen an increase in new and evolving laws and regulations, as well as related enforcement actions, being proposed and implemented in recent years by legislative bodies around the world.
We are subject to laws, regulations, and other measures that govern a wide range of topics, including those related to matters beyond our core products and services. For instance, new laws, regulations, policies, and international accords relating to ESG matters, including sustainability, climate change, human capital, and diversity, are being developed and formalized in Europe, the U.S., and elsewhere, which may entail specific, target-driven frameworks and/or disclosure requirements. We have implemented robust ESG programs, adopted reporting frameworks and principles, and announced a number of goals and initiatives. The implementation of these goals and initiatives may require considerable investments, and our goals, with all of their contingencies, dependencies, and in certain cases, reliance on third-party verification and/or performance, are complex and ambitious, may change, and we cannot guarantee that we will achieve them. Any failure, or perceived failure, by us to adhere to our public statements, comply fully with developing interpretations of ESG laws and regulations, or meet evolving and varied stakeholder expectations and standards could harm our business, reputation, financial condition, and operating results.
$4.0 billion expiring in April 2023 and $6.0 billion expiring in April 2026. The interest rates for all credit facilities are determined based on a formula using certain market rates, as well as our progress toward the achievement of certain sustainability goals
billion expiring in April 2026. The interest rates for all credit facilities are determined based on a formula using certain market rates, as well as our progress toward the achievement of certain sustainability goals. 
 
 2022-02-02 our long-term sustainability and diversity goals;
DeepMind also made a significant AI-powered breakthrough, solving a 50-year-old protein folding challenge, which will help the world better understand one of life’s fundamental building blocks, and will enable researchers to tackle new and difficult problems, from fighting diseases to environmental sustainability. DeepMind has since shared its new AlphaFold protein structure database, which doubled the number of high-accuracy human protein structures available to researchers.
Ongoing Commitment to Sustainability
We believe that every business has the opportunity and obligation to protect our planet. Sustainability is one of our core values at Google, and we strive to build sustainability into everything we do. We have been a leader on sustainability and climate change since Google’s founding over 20 years ago. These are some of our key achievements over the past two decades:
In 2007, we became the first major company to be carbon neutral for our operations.
In 2020, we issued $5.75 billion in sustainability bonds—the largest sustainability or green bond issuance by any company in history at the time. The net proceeds from the issuance are used to fund environmentally and socially responsible projects in the following eight areas: energy efficiency, clean energy, green buildings, clean transportation, circular economy and design, affordable housing, commitment to racial equity, and support for small businesses and COVID-19 crisis response. As of December 31, 2020, we have allocated $3.47 billion of the net proceeds, as outlined in our Sustainability Bond Impact Report published in 2021.
Also in 2020, we compensated for our legacy carbon footprint, making Google the first major company to be carbon neutral for its entire operating history.
Our sustainability strategy is focused on three key pillars: accelerating the transition to carbon-free energy and a circular economy, empowering everyone with technology, and benefiting the people and places where we operate.
To accelerate the transition to a carbon-free economy, in 2020, we launched our third decade of climate action, and we are now working toward a new set of ambitious goals. By 2030, we aim to:
achieve net-zero emissions across all of our operations and value chain;
become the first major company to run on carbon-free energy 24 hours a day, seven days a week, 365 days a year;
enable 5 gigawatts of new carbon-free energy through investments in our key manufacturing regions; and
help more than 500 cities and local governments reduce an aggregate of 1 gigaton of carbon emissions annually.
We remain steadfast in our commitment to sustainability, and we will continue to lead and encourage others to join us in improving the health of our planet. We are proud of what we have achieved so far, and we are energized to help move the world closer to a more sustainable and carbon-free future for all.
More information on our approach to sustainability can be found in our annual sustainability reports, including Google’s Environmental Report and Alphabet’s 2021 Sustainability Bond Impact Report, which outlines the allocation of our net proceeds from our sustainability bonds. The contents of our sustainability reports are not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K or in any other report or document we file with the SEC. For additional information about risks and uncertainties applicable to our commitments to attain certain sustainability goals, see Risk Factors in Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
At Alphabet, we are committed to making diversity, equity, and inclusion part of everything we do and to growing a workforce that is representative of the users we serve. More information on Google’s approach to diversity can be found in our annual diversity reports, available publicly at diversity.google. The contents of our diversity reports are not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K or in any other report or document we file with the SEC.
We are subject to regulations, laws, and policies that govern a wide range of topics, including those related to matters beyond our core products and services. For instance, new regulations, laws, policies, and international accords relating to environmental and social matters, including sustainability, climate change, human capital, and diversity, are being developed and formalized in Europe, the U.S., and elsewhere, which may entail specific, target-driven frameworks and/or disclosure requirements. We have implemented robust environmental and social programs, adopted reporting frameworks and principles, and announced a number of goals and initiatives, including those related to environmental sustainability and diversity. The implementation of these goals and initiatives may require considerable investments, and our goals, with all of their contingencies, dependencies, and in certain cases, reliance on third-party verification and/or performance, are complex and ambitious, and we cannot guarantee that we will achieve them.
billion, which will expire in April 2022 and April 2026, respectively. The interest rates for the new credit facilities are determined based on a formula using certain market rates, as well as our progress toward the achievement of certain sustainability goals
, which will expire in April 2022 and April 2026, respectively. The interest rates for the new credit facilities are determined based on a formula using certain market rates, as well as our progress toward the achievement of certain sustainability goals. 
 
 